Use Upholds= to ensure services run after daemon-reload (#8)
flatcar/sysext-bakery: README.md

The `NAME.raw` sysext images (or `NAME` sysext directories) can be placed under `/etc/extensions/` or `/var/lib/extensions` in Flatcar to be activated on boot.
While systemd-sysext images are not really meant to also include the systemd service, Flatcar ships `ensure-sysext.service` as workaround to automatically load the image's services.
This helper service is bound to `systemd-sysext.service` which activates the sysext images on boot.
Currently it reloads the unit files from disk and reevaluates `multi-user.target`, `sockets.target`, and `timers.target`, making sure your enabled systemd units run.
In the future `systemd-sysext` will only reload the unit files when this is upstream behavior (the current upstream behavior is to do nothing and leave it to the user).

> That means you will have to use `Upholds=` drop-ins for the target units to start your units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That means you will need to use `Upholds=` drop-ins for the target units to start your units.
```

At runtime executing `systemctl restart systemd-sysext ensure-sysext` will reload the sysext images and start the services.
A manual `systemd-sysext refresh` is not recommended.

The compatibility mechanism of sysext images requires a metadata file in the image under `usr/lib/extension-release.d/extension-release.NAME`.

> It has to contain a matching OS `ID`, and either a matching `VERSION_ID` or `SYSEXT_LEVEL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It needs to contain a matching OS `ID`, and either a matching `VERSION_ID` or `SYSEXT_LEVEL`.
```

Since the rapid release cycle and automatic updates of Flatcar Container Linux make it hard to rely on particular OS libraries by specifying a dependency of the sysext image to the OS version, it is not recommended to match by `VERSION_ID`.
Instead, Flatcar defined the `SYSEXT_LEVEL` value `1.0` to match for.
The sysext image should only include static binaries.

Inside the image, binaries should be placed under `usr/bin/` and systemd units under `usr/lib/systemd/system/`.

> To enable systemd units, while it is currently supported to place symlinks in the image itself in the same way as systemd would normally generate them when enabling the units, e.g., `sockets.target.wants/my.socket` → `../my.socket`, this is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While placing symlinks in the image itself to enable the units in the same way as systemd would normally do (by generating symlinks like `sockets.target.wants/my.socket` → `../my.socket`) is still currently supported, this is not a recommended practice.
```

> The recommended way is to ship drop-ins for the target units that start your unit, e.g., `/usr/lib/systemd/system/sockets.target.d/10-docker-socket.conf` would contain (similar for `multi-user.target` and a `.service` unit):

Reviewer: The recommended way is to ship drop-ins for the target units that start your unit. The drop-in file should use the `Upholds` clause. For example, a drop-in for `docker.socket` that is started by `sockets.target` would need to be placed in `/usr/lib/systemd/system/sockets.target.d/10-docker-socket.conf` with the following contents:

Author: Thanks

```
[Unit]
Upholds=docker.socket
```

> 

Reviewer: Here I'd add something like:

```
This can be done also for services, so for `docker.service` started by `multi-user.target`, the drop-in would reside in `/usr/lib/systemd/system/multi-user.target.d/10-docker-service.conf` and it would have `Upholds=docker.service` line.
```

Author: Thanks
